Answer the following multiple choice question, selecting from the answer A through to J. After thinking, reply directly with your answer. 

The last character of your response must be the letter you have chosen.

Question:

A high school sent a survey to a randomly selected sample of 75 of last year's graduating class. 27 of those selected did not return the survey. The best plan of action would be to:

Options:

A: Use the surveys that were returned and conduct the analysis with a reduced confidence level.
B: Use the surveys that were returned and leave the sample size at 75 for the analysis.
C: Use the surveys that were returned and change the sample size to 48 for the analysis.
D: Randomly select another 75 class members and send the survey to them.
E: Send the survey to all members of the class to ensure a larger response rate.
F: Discard the survey results and opt for a different data collection method.
G: Re-send the survey to those that did not return it without further communication.
H: Use the surveys that were returned and estimate the responses of the 27 non-respondents.
I: Randomly select 27 additional class members and send the survey to them.
J: Follow up with those that did not return the survey to encourage them to respond.

Answer:
    <think>
<think>
Okay, so I've got this multiple-choice question about a high school survey they sent out. Let me try to break it down. The question is asking what's the best plan of action in this scenario.

First, the details: 75 students were randomly selected to participate. But 27 didn't return the survey. So, only 48 did return it. Now, the options are about what to do next.

I need to think about different survey techniques and reasons why one might be better than another. Let me go through each option.

Option A says to use the returned surveys with a reduced confidence level. Hmm. Well, confidence level relates to how sure we can be about the results. If we're only using 48 responses, which is less than the original 75, the confidence interval might be wider, meaning our results are less precise. So maybe A is not the best choice.

Option B suggests using only the returned surveys and leaving the sample size at 75. Wait, but the original sample was 75. They've already sent it out, but 27 didn't return. If we don't change the sample size, we're left with 48. But why would we leave the sample size the same? Maybe to keep the original number, but that doesn't make much sense. Plus, we might lose data if we don't include all 75.

Option C: Change the sample size to 48. That's the number of respondents. So the new sample is 48. I think this is a common approach when some people don't return. It's a convenience sample, which is less reliable than a random sample. But sometimes you just have to go with what you can get. So maybe C is a possible option.

Option D: Randomly select another 75 members. Oh, that's like redoing the survey in a new group. But the school already sent it out. Maybe they don't want to do another study. Or perhaps they want to increase the response rate. But the question is about the best plan given that they already have 75 responses. So maybe D isn't the best because it's not sure if the new group is any different.

Option E: Send the survey to everyone to ensure a larger response rate. That might help in getting more responses, but what about the original sample size? The original was 75, but maybe they need to maintain that. Also, E might not be the best because they might have to reach out to all, which could be time-consuming. Plus, the problem is that 27 didn't respond, so E might not help much.

Option F: Discard the results and switch to another method. That doesn't make sense because the school is trying to collect data, not abandon a method. Plus, you'd lose valuable data.

Option G: Estimate the non-respondents. Oh, wait, maybe this is a strategy called "follow-up." If the 27 non-respondents are similar to the 48 who did respond, the school could send them back. That way, they can use data from both groups. So G is about estimating the non-respondents.

Option H: Use the returned surveys and estimate the ones who didn't respond. That sounds like what G is saying. So G and H are similar. If the non-respondents are similar, then using their data might improve the results.

Option I: Randomly select 27 more and send them. That sounds like adding more data. But the original sample was 75, so adding 27 would make it 102. But why choose I over other options? It's possible, but maybe it's not the best approach.

Option J: Follow up the non-respondents. This is similar to E. If you contact them again, maybe they'll respond. But that depends on whether the new people are similar to the original. If not, it might not help much.

So, the options are about whether to use the data, change the sample size, or follow up.

Wait, the question says "the best plan of action." So the best approach would be to address the non-respondents. If the non-respondents are similar to the respondents, then using their data would be better. So G and H are both suggesting using the non-respondents.

But looking at the options, G says "estimate the responses of the 27 non-respondents." So perhaps the school estimates those who didn't respond and uses that data.

Alternatively, option D is about redoing the survey, but that's probably not the best approach. The school probably wants to use the data they have.

In the context of a survey, a common approach when some people don't respond is to either:

1. Use the data you have and leave the sample size at 75, but that might mean you're not getting data from the new group. Wait, but the original was 75. Maybe they already have 75 responses, but some didn't return. So perhaps the school wants to use the 75 responses and see if some can be used with others, but that's not common.

Wait, another approach is to send the survey again to the same group but try to increase the response rate. That's option E. But that's not stated as an option. Alternatively, option J is follow-up, which is a form of E.

But another option is to send the survey again to all, which is E. So E is a way to get more data, but not as efficient as trying to estimate the non-respondents.

Wait, the original sample was 75, but only 48 returned. If the 27 non-respondents are similar to the 48, then G would be better, as it would increase the response rate.

So the best plan is probably G: Re--send to the non-respondents. Alternatively, if the non-respondents are not similar, then another approach is needed.

But the question is about the school's best action. So among the options, the best is either G or E.

Wait, the options are:

E sends the survey to everyone. So if they do that, they can get more responses but perhaps the new group is not the same as the original. So perhaps E might not be as efficient.

Alternatively, if they send the survey again, they might get a higher response rate, but that's option E.

Wait, but the question doesn't specify that they want to increase the response rate. It's just that they have some non-respondents.

So the best plan would be to use the data from the non-respondents as well, perhaps. So either G or E. But I think G is about using the non-respondents' data, which is a possible solution.

Alternatively, another approach is to randomly select new respondents (option I), but that's not the best because the original sample was 75, and adding more would change the sample size. Or send the survey to all (option E), which is a possibility but may not target the non-respondents effectively.

Wait, the original sample was 75, but 27 didn't return. So 48 responded. If they send the survey to the entire class (option E), they might get more responses but perhaps not as many as if they sent it again.

Hmm. Alternatively, the best approach is to use the 48 respondents and perhaps estimate the remaining 27. So G suggests using the 27 non-respondents' data, which would help.

Alternatively, if the non-respondents are a good representation, then their data can be used. But if they're different, then that approach is flawed.

But without knowing if the 27 non-respondents are similar, the best action is to either:

- Use the non-respondents as new data (G)

- Or, send the survey again (E)

Wait, but the question is about the best plan of action, given that they already sent it. So perhaps option E is not necessary. So if the non-respondents are the same as the original group, then it's better to send them again.

Alternatively, the best approach is to use the data from the non-respondents as much as possible.

So, looking back at the options, the correct answer would be G or E. Wait, but the options don't have E as a choice. Let me read the options again.

Wait, the options are:

A: Use the returned and reduce confidence.

B: Use the returned and leave sample size at 75.

C: Change sample size to 48.

D: Random select more and send.

E: Send everyone again.

F: Discard.

G: Estimate non-respondents' data.

H: Use returned and estimate non-respondents.

I: Randomly select more.

J: Follow up.

So, the best options are E and G. But the original sample is 75, but 27 didn't return. So I think the correct approach is to send the survey again to the non-respondents, which is G. Because the non-respondents are a group that can provide more data.

Alternatively, if the non-respondents are a good representation, then using their data would be better. So G.

Another thought: Do they have the resources to send the survey again? If so, that's a good plan. But the problem doesn't specify that.

So, the best action is to use the non-respondents' data. So G or H?

Wait, the wording of G is "Re-send the survey to those that did not return it without further communication." So G is about using the non-respondents' data.

Option H says "Use the surveys that were returned and estimate the responses of the 27 non-respondents." Wait, that's using the returned surveys and assuming the non-respondents' data can be used.

So, both G and H are possible approaches. But which is considered the best?

I think the best is to use the non-respondents' data (G). Because they might be the same as the original group, allowing for more accurate results.

Wait, no, the original group is 75, but only 48 returned. So the non-respondents are a subset of the original. If the 27 are similar, then using their data in addition to the 48 would be better. So G.

Alternatively, if the non-respondents are not similar, then H would be better.

But given that they sent it to a random sample, the non-respondents may not necessarily be similar. But without knowing, the best course is to use their data.

So I think the correct answer is G.
</think>

The best plan of action is to use the data from the non-respondents. This approach leverages the non-respondents' responses to enhance the overall data collection, assuming their responses are representative of the original sample. 

Answer: G