Answer the following multiple choice question, selecting from the answer A through to J. After thinking, reply directly with your answer. 

The last character of your response must be the letter you have chosen.

Question:

In the children's game what color is 'Rover'?

Options:

A: black
B: Purple
C: Orange
D: Green
E: red
F: Pink
G: Brown
H: blue
I: White
J: Yellow

Answer:
    <think>
<think>
Okay, so I have this question here about a children's game and the color of "Rover." Hmm, I'm not entirely sure, but I'll try to think it through. Let me see... The question is asking what color "Rover" is. The options are a mix of various colors: black, purple, orange, green, red, pink, brown, blue, white, yellow, and white again.

First, I'm trying to recall if "Rover" is a part of a game I've heard of. I remember hearing about a game called "Rover" or something similar. Oh wait! It's a board game. I think it's called "Rover" and it's on the shelves at my local toy store. The game involves rolling dice and moving around a board, and I believe one of the pieces is called "Rover." 

Now, when I think of "Rover" in that context, I'm trying to visualize the board. The board usually has a path with different squares. I remember that one of the squares was labeled "Rover," and the path was from there. The squares might be colored in different shades. 

I think the squares are arranged in a way that each one is a different color, but I'm not entirely sure. I remember seeing that one of the squares was orange. Maybe that's where "Rover" is. So if "Rover" is on an orange square, then the color would be orange. 

Alternatively, I could be mixing it up with another game. Like, maybe "Rover" isn't part of that game. Or perhaps I'm confusing it with another piece. But I'm pretty sure "Rover" is from that game. So, if the squares are orange, then "Rover" is on an orange square. 

Wait, another thought: sometimes in games, pieces can be placed on squares that are colored, but I'm not sure if "Rover" is on an orange one or not. I think I've heard that "Rover" is placed on an orange square, so that would make the color orange. 

Let me check the options again. Option C is orange. So the correct answer should be C.
</think>

The correct answer is C: Orange.