Answer the following multiple choice question, selecting from the answer A through to J. After thinking, reply directly with your answer. 

The last character of your response must be the letter you have chosen.

Question:

Which of these evangelists is a cousin of rocker Jerry Lee Lewis?

Options:

A: Jimmy Swaggart
B: Pat Robertson
C: Kenneth Copeland
D: Oral Roberts
E: Billy Graham
F: Joel Osteen
G: Benny Hinn
H: Jerry Falwell
I: Joyce Meyer
J: Franklin Graham

Answer:
    <think>
<think>
Okay, so I have this multiple-choice question about evangelists, and I need to figure out the correct answer. Let me start by reading the question again to make sure I understand it.

The question is asking which of the given options is a cousin of rocker Jerry Lee Lewis. The options are A through J, each with a different name. I need to choose the correct one.

First, I'll try to recall any information I know about these names. I remember that many of these names are from various religious movements, especially in the early 20th century. I think some of them were prominent in the 1950s and 60s, and perhaps some are close to each other or have some kind of relationship.

I'll go through each option one by one.

Option A: Jimmy Swaggart. I'm not too sure about this one. I think Swaggart was a singer, maybe a singer-songwriter or part of a band? I'm not sure if he's a cousin of Lee Lewis. I might need to think more about this later.

Option B: Pat Robertson. Pat was a singer, perhaps a solo artist, but I'm not certain if he's a cousin of Lee Lewis. Maybe he's not from the same movement.

Option C: Kenneth Copeland. I recall that Copeland was a promoter of various religious groups. I think he was associated with the American Christian Movement, which was a movement in the 1950s. If Lee Lewis was part of that, perhaps Copeland was a cousin or related? I'm not certain, but I'll keep this in mind.

Option D: Oral Roberts. I think Oral Roberts was a leader in the Student Nonviolent Co HEResy (SNCHE) movement. SNCHE was a significant movement in the 1960s, led by Oral Roberts and others. So if Lee Lewis was a co-founder or was part of this movement, then Oral Roberts might be a cousin. But I'm not sure if the two are direct cousins or just friends.

Option E: Billy Graham. I know Billy Graham is a key figure in the American Civil Rights Movement, especially the Civil Rights Movement. He's often mentioned as a cousin of Lee Lewis. I remember hearing that both were close friends, maybe even cousins. So E might be the correct answer.

Option F: Joel Osteen. Joel Osteen is a singer and frontman for the Osteo Group, which includes the band. I'm not sure if he's a cousin of Lee Lewis, but I don't recall a direct relationship.

Option G: Benny Hinn. Benny Hinn is a leader in the Student Nonviolent Co HEResy (SNCHE) movement, similar to Oral Roberts. But is him a cousin of Lee Lewis? I don't think so.

Option H: Jerry Falwell. I'm not familiar with him as a cousin of Lee Lewis. He's more known for his music, I think.

Option I: Joyce Meyer. Joyce is a former leader in various groups, but I don't think she's a cousin of Lee Lewis.

Option J: Franklin Graham. I'm not sure about this one; maybe part of a different group.

Wait, another thought. I think Lee Lee Lewis was a co-founder of the Student Nonviolent Co HEResy (SNCHE) movement with Oral Roberts. So if the question is asking for a cousin, I'm thinking between Oral Roberts and anyone else. But none of the options except E is part of the SNCHE group. So E is the answer.

Alternatively, another approach: remembering that the question is about being cousins, not necessarily friends. So if they are cousins, then their family tree is such. But I think Lee and Oral were close friends, maybe even cousins. So E would be the correct answer.
</think>

The correct answer is E: Joel Osteen. 

Answer: E