Answer the following multiple choice question, selecting from the answer A through to J. After thinking, reply directly with your answer. 

The last character of your response must be the letter you have chosen.

Question:

Statement 1 | In a finite dimensional vector space every linearly independent set of vectors is contained in a basis. Statement 2 | If B_1 and B_2 are bases for the same vector space, then |B_1| = |B_2|.

Options:

A: Both Statements are provable but not always True
B: True, True
C: Both Statements are True under certain conditions
D: Statement 1 is True but Statement 2 is not provable
E: Statement 1 is False but Statement 2 is True only for infinite dimensional vector spaces
F: True, False
G: False, True
H: False, False
I: Statement 1 is False but Statement 2 is True under certain conditions
J: Statement 1 is not provable but Statement 2 is False

Answer:
    <think>
<think>
Okay, so I've got this vector space question here. Let me read it through again.

The question has two statements about vector spaces, and I need to figure out if each is true or false. Then, I have to choose the correct option from A to J. 

Statement 1 says: In a finite dimensional vector space, every linearly independent set is contained in a basis. Hmm, I remember that in finite dimensions, a linearly independent set can be extended to a basis. But wait, the statement says every linearly independent set is contained in a basis. That doesn't sound right. Because a basis is a maximal linearly independent set, but any subset that's linearly independent can't be extended beyond that. So, for example, if I have a basis, say {v1, v2, v3}, and I take a linearly independent set that's a subset of this, like {v1}, that is contained in the basis. But what if I take a set that's not in the basis? Like, suppose I have a 3-dimensional space, and a basis is {e1, e2, e3}. If I have a set {e1, e2}, that's linearly independent and is contained in the basis. But what if I have a set like {e1, e2, e4} in a 3D space? Wait, no, e4 wouldn't be in the basis. Wait, no, in a 3D space, the basis has 3 vectors. So if I have a set with 4 vectors in a 3D space, it's automatically dependent. But for a set to be linearly independent, it can't have more vectors than the dimension. Wait, but the statement is about any linearly independent set being contained in a basis. So if I have a linearly independent set with fewer vectors than the dimension, can I always find a basis that contains it?

Wait, no. Because suppose the vector space is 2D. Let's say I have a basis {v1, v2}. If I take a linearly independent set {v1}, that's in the basis. But what if I take a set with more vectors that's not in the basis? No, wait, that's impossible because any set with more than the dimension is dependent. So in a 2D space, any linearly independent set can only have two vectors, which would form a basis. So Statement 1 would be true in finite dimensions.

Wait, but wait. Let me think again. Statement 1 says every linearly independent set is contained in a basis. So, for example, in a 2D space, any two vectors that are linearly independent form a basis. So any linearly independent set with two vectors is a basis. So statement 1 is true because any linearly independent set in finite-dimensional space can be extended to a basis, but wait, the statement says that it's contained in a basis. So if I have a set of vectors that's linearly independent, does that set itself form a basis? Or is it just that it's contained within some basis.

Wait, for example, in 3D space. Suppose I have a basis {v1, v2, v3}. If I have a linearly independent set {v1, v2}, that's contained in the basis. But what if I have a set that's not a subset of the basis? Like {v1, v2, v4} in a 3D space? No, that can't be, because v4 would be in the same space. Wait, no, v4 can't be in the basis of 3D. So no, the set {v1, v2, v4} can't exist in 3D, because that would require v4 to be dependent on v1 and v2. So the statement is about any linearly independent set. So in a finite-dimensional vector space, any linearly independent set can be extended to a basis, but the statement says that it's contained in a basis. So that would mean that the set is itself a basis. But that's not always the case. Because if the set is, say, in a 2D space, and the basis has two vectors, but the set has three vectors, which is impossible. So the set can't have more vectors than the dimension. Wait, I'm getting a bit confused.

Let me think of an example. Suppose we have a vector space of dimension 2. Let B = {e1, e2} be a basis. Now, take a set S = {e1, e2, e3}. Wait, but e3 can't be in the basis of a 2D space. So that example is invalid. Another example: let B be a basis. Take a subset of B, say {e1, e2}. Then S is contained in B. So in this case, it's true. But what about a linearly independent set that's not a subset of B? Wait, no. Because in a finite-dimensional space, a linearly independent set can only have as many vectors as the dimension if it's a basis. If the set has fewer vectors, it's contained in the basis. Wait, but is that necessarily true?

Wait, suppose in a 3D space, B is {v1, v2, v3}. Let S = {v1, v2, v4}. Then S is linearly independent because v4 is not in the span of v1 and v2. But in this case, S isn't a subset of B. So the statement says that every linearly independent set is contained in a basis. But in this example, S is not contained in B, because S has v4, which is not in B. So the statement would be false in this case. Therefore, Statement 1 is false.

Wait, that's a problem. Because then, the first statement is false. Hmm, but wait, am I making a mistake here? Let me think again. Statement 1 says that in a finite-dimensional vector space, every linearly independent set is contained in a basis.

Wait, if the vector space is finite-dimensional, say n-dimensional, then a basis has exactly n vectors. A linearly independent set with k vectors, where k ≤ n, can be extended to a basis. But the statement is about containing in a basis. So in a 3D space, any linearly independent set with three vectors is a basis. But if the set has fewer than three vectors, it can't be a basis because a basis needs n vectors. So a linearly independent set with, say, two vectors is contained in a basis (since the basis has three vectors, and the set has two, which is a subset). Wait, but is that necessarily true?

Wait, no. Let me think again. If S is a linearly independent set with two vectors in a 3D space, then S is contained in some basis. Because the basis has three vectors, and S has two. So S can be extended to the basis. But the statement says that S is contained in the basis. So that would mean that S is a subset of the basis. But in this case, S is a subset of the basis. Because the basis has S plus another vector. So yes, S is a subset of a basis.

Wait, in my earlier example where S = {e1, e2, e4} is that possible? Because in 3D, e4 can't exist. So in a 3D space, B has three vectors, so S can't have more than three. So in a 3D space, a linearly independent set can't have more than three vectors. So if S has two vectors, it's contained in some basis. If it has one, same thing.

So for finite-dimensional spaces, any linearly independent set has size ≤ n, where n is the dimension. So if n is 3, any set with 2 vectors is contained in a 3-dimensional basis, because the basis has 3 vectors, so any two are in it.

Wait, but wait, if the set has two vectors, can it be a subset of a basis? Let's say in 3D, S = {v1, v2}. The basis B = {v1, v2, v3}. Then S is a subset of B. So yes, it's contained in the basis. So Statement 1 is true in finite-dimensional spaces. Because any linearly independent set can be extended to a basis, and since the basis contains all the vectors, the set is contained within the basis.

Wait, but what about in a 2D space? Let's say S = {v1, v2}, which is a basis. So yes, it's contained in the basis. What if S has one vector, say v1. Then S is contained in the basis. What if S has zero vectors? That's a bit of a trivial case, perhaps, but the statement says "every linearly independent set", which would include empty sets. So the empty set is contained in any basis, so that's true.

Wait, but wait, in a 1D space, the only linearly independent set is a single non-zero vector. The basis is the same as the set. So yes, the set is contained in the basis.

So, in all finite-dimensional spaces, the statement should be true. But earlier I thought about an example where the set was larger than the basis, but that's not possible in finite-dimensional spaces because a set can't have more vectors than the dimension.

Wait, so Statement 1 is true. Okay, that's the conclusion on Statement 1.

Now, Statement 2: If B1 and B2 are bases for the same vector space, then |B1| = |B2|.

Yes, that's the definition of the dimension of the vector space. Since both bases have the same number of vectors, they have the same dimension. So Statement 2 is true.

Wait, so both Statements 1 and 2 are true? Let me check.

Wait, no. Earlier I thought that Statement 1 is false. But I'm getting a bit confused now. Let me reevaluate Statement 1.

Wait, Statement 1 says that any linearly independent set is contained in a basis. But in a finite-dimensional space, any linearly independent set can be extended to a basis. But the statement is not that it's part of the basis, it's that it's contained in the basis. So in a finite-dimensional space, a linearly independent set S can be extended to a basis B. So S is a subset of B. Therefore, S is contained in B. So yes, Statement 1 is true.

Wait, then why did I think earlier it was false? Maybe I made a mistake. Let me think again. Let's say the vector space is 2D. B = {v1, v2} is a basis. Take S = {v1}. S is contained in B. Take S = {v1, v3}. Wait, no, because in 2D, v3 can't exist. So in 2D, any linearly independent set has two vectors. So S = {v1, v2} is a basis, S = {v1, v3} is not possible. So in 2D, any linearly independent set is a subset of some basis.

Wait, but wait, no. Because if I have S = {v1}, which is a basis for a 1D subspace. But the basis B is 2D. So S can be extended to B. But S is contained in B. So yes, it's true.

Wait, so then Statement 1 is true in finite dimensions. But earlier I thought that in a 3D space, a set with 2 vectors is contained in a basis. So in all finite dimensions, Statement 1 is true. But wait, then I'm conflicting with my earlier conclusion. Let me think.

Wait, no, wait. Another way: in a finite-dimensional vector space, any linearly independent set is a subset of some basis. So Statement 1 is true. Because if S is linearly independent, it can be extended to a basis B. So S is contained in B. So yes, Statement 1 is true.

But wait, perhaps I got the wording wrong. The original statement is: "In a finite dimensional vector space every linearly independent set of vectors is contained in a basis."

So, for example, in a 2D space, if S is linearly independent, it has 2 vectors. The basis B also has 2 vectors. So S is a subset of B. So yes, S is contained in B.

Wait, so then the previous example where I thought Statement 1 was false is incorrect. So then, Statement 1 is true.

Wait, but wait, another example: in a 3D space, B = {e1, e2, e3}. Let S = {e1, e2, e4}. Wait, no, e4 can't be in 3D. So in 3D, any set with 3 linearly independent vectors is a basis. So S can't have 3 vectors in 3D because that's the dimension. So S can have 2, 1, or 0 vectors, but in each case, it's contained in some basis.

So Statement 1 is indeed true.

Wait, so earlier I thought that Statement 1 is false, but that was a mistake. Now I think Statement 1 is true.

Wait a minute, let me think again. Another example: in a 3D space, suppose the basis is {v1, v2, v3}. Take a linearly independent set S = {v1, v2, v4}. But wait, v4 can't be in 3D. So S can't exist. So in a 3D space, any linearly independent set can't have more than 3 vectors. So for a 3D space, if S has 2 vectors, it's contained in a basis. So yes, Statement 1 is true.

Wait, so that means Statement 1 is true. Then, both Statements 1 and 2 are true. So the correct answer would be B: True, True.

But wait, wait, earlier I thought Statement 1 was false. Oh no, I think I made a mistake earlier. So now I'm confusing myself. Let me do this again.

Statement 1: In a finite dimensional vector space, every linearly independent set is contained in a basis.

In a finite-dimensional vector space, any linearly independent set is a subset of some basis. So yes, Statement 1 is true.

Statement 2: If B1 and B2 are bases for the same vector space, then |B1| = |B2|.

Yes, because the size of the basis is the dimension, which is the same for any basis. So Statement 2 is true.

So both statements are true. So the answer is option B.
</think>

Statement 1: In a finite dimensional vector space, every linearly independent set is contained in a basis.  
True. In a finite-dimensional space, any linearly independent set can be extended to a basis, meaning it is contained within some basis.

Statement 2: If B₁ and B₂ are bases for the same vector space, then |B₁| = |B₂|.  
True. Since both bases have the same dimension, their cardinalities are equal.

Both statements are true.

ANSWER: B