Answer the following multiple choice question, selecting from the answer A through to J. After thinking, reply directly with your answer. 

The last character of your response must be the letter you have chosen.

Question:

A participant in a single-trial free-recall task is presented with a list of words, one at a time, in the following order: house, flower, dog, table, license, water, computer, salad. In accord with the serial position curve, which of the following words is the participant most likely to forget?

Options:

A: Salad
B: Computer
C: The last word presented
D: Dog
E: The word presented in the middle of the list
F: House
G: Water
H: Flower
I: License
J: Table

Answer:
    <think>
<think>
Okay, so I'm trying to figure out which word a participant is most likely to forget in a single-trial free-recall task. The order given is house, flower, dog, table, license, water, computer, salad. I remember that in free-recall tasks, participants try to recall items from a list they've seen before. Serial position curve is about how the probability of recalling items decreases as you move further in the list. So the further a word is in the list, the less likely it is to be remembered.

Wait, but the question is about forgetting, not recalling. So maybe the opposite. The participant is trying to remember the items in the order they were presented. The more items they can remember, the better they are at recall. So, words that are further along the list are less likely to be remembered, meaning they might be forgotten.

So the last word presented is 'Table', which is the 5th item. Then 'License' is 6th, 'Water' 7th, 'Computer' 8th, 'Salad' 9th. So the last item in the list is salad, which is the 9th. So according to the serial position curve, the 9th item is the least likely to be remembered, meaning it's the most likely to be forgotten.

Looking at the options, option I is 'License' (6th), which is quite common and probably not forgotten. Option J is 'Table' (5th), also probably remembered. Option A is 'Salad' (9th), which is the least likely. The others are earlier in the list, so they would be more likely to be remembered.

So the correct answer should be salad, which is option A.
</think>

The correct answer is A: Salad. According to the serial position curve, the participant is most likely to forget the word that appears further in the list, which is salad (9th position). 

Answer: A