Answer the following multiple choice question, selecting from the answer A through to J. After thinking, reply directly with your answer. 

The last character of your response must be the letter you have chosen.

Question:

A 16-year-old girl is brought to the office by her mother because she is concerned that she may have contracted meningitis from her soccer teammate, who was diagnosed with meningococcal meningitis and admitted to the hospital yesterday. The patient's soccer team traveled to a neighboring state to participate in a tournament 1 week ago and she shared a hotel room with the girl who was hospitalized. The patient feels well but is concerned she may have "caught the same bug." Medical history is remarkable for asthma. Medications include inhaled albuterol. Vital signs are temperature 37.2°C (98.9°F), pulse 64/min, respirations 16/min, and blood pressure 107/58 mm Hg. Physical examination shows no abnormalities. Which of the following is the most appropriate intervention for this patient at this time?

Options:

A: Administer a tetanus shot
B: Prescribe azithromycin
C: Administer the meningococcal vaccine
D: Prescribe ibuprofen
E: Prescribe penicillin
F: Administer the pneumococcal vaccine
G: Prescribe amoxicillin
H: Prescribe doxycycline
I: Prescribe rifampin
J: No intervention is needed at this time

Answer:
    <think>
<think>
Okay, so I need to figure out the best intervention for this 16-year-old girl with meningitis. Let me start by breaking down the information given.

The patient is 16 years old and is concerned she might have gotten meningitis. Her soccer teammate has it, and the teammate was admitted yesterday. The patient shares a room with a hospitalized girl. The patient's medical history is remarkable for asthma, and she's on inhaled albuterol. Her vital signs are pretty normal: 37.2°C, 64 bpm, 16 respirations, and 107/58 mmHg blood pressure.

First, I remember that meningitis can be caused by different bacteria. The common ones are Staphylococcus aureus (which causes strep throat), meningococcal, and pneumococcal. The patient's history suggests she might have been exposed, but she's a 16-year-old, so she's in her prime for getting sick.

Her symptoms: she's feeling better but is worried. Her physical exam shows no abnormalities, so no signs of infection. But her blood pressure is a bit high, 107/58 mmHg. That's a bit concerning because high blood pressure can indicate something else, like kidney disease or a liver issue. But if it's a bacterial infection, that's usually lower. High BP could be due to other factors, though.

She's on albuterol, which is an inhaled corticosteroid. That's for pain relief, not necessarily for infection. She's got asthma, which can cause breathing difficulties, but that's less likely to be the main issue here.

The patient's teammate had meningitis, but her own case is concerning. So, the possible pathogens could be either meningococcal or pneumococcal. Both can cause severe infection, but they are different. Also, in a hospital setting, especially if someone is exposed, it's more likely the bacteria has already taken hold.

Looking at the options:

A: Tetanus shot. Tetanus is a bacterial infection caused by a different pathogen, tetracycline. So that's not relevant here.

B: Azithromycin. That's a beta-lactam antibiotic, which is used against infections like methicillin-resistant Staph (MRSA), which can cause meningitis. But I don't know if the patient's infection is resistant. The patient's history says she had a teammate with meningococcal, so perhaps it's not resistant. But wait, the patient is a 16-year-old with asthma, which might make beta-lactams less effective. Plus, she's on albuterol, which is a corticosteroid. So maybe B isn't the best choice.

C: Meningococcal vaccine. That's a safe way to prevent infection. Especially if the patient has a history of exposure. If the infection is due to meningococcal, the vaccine would be the first line of defense. Also, her teammates are being treated, so it's possible they are getting vaccinated.

D: Ibuprofen. That's an antihistamine and an NSAID. It's usually used for inflammation, like after an allergic reaction or in the case ofaphrodisiacs. But in this case, the infection is probably bacterial, so ibuprofen might not be effective. Also, she's got a high BP, which could indicate something else, but the question is about the infection.

E: Prescribe penicillin. Penicillin is used to treat bacterial infections, but given that she's on albuterol and possibly has a bacterial infection, penicillin might not be the right approach. It could cause more severe reactions, like sepsis, and is generally not recommended for patients with asthma or those with compromised immune systems.

F: Pneumococcal vaccine. That's another possible pathogen. The patient's history doesn't specify whether it's meningococcal or pneumococcal. But she's on a soccer team, which might have exposed her. So, if it's pneumococcal, the vaccine is the first line. But since the patient's symptoms are mild, it's hard to say for sure. If it's meningococcal, the vaccine would definitely be recommended.

G: Amoxicillin. That's a beta-lactam antibiotic, similar to azithromycin. It's used for antibiotic-resistant infections, but again, if resistance is present, it's not the first line. Plus, the patient's high BP and on albuterol may not be conducive for this.

H: Doxycycline. Another beta-lactam antibiotic, which is used for beta-lactamase inhibitor infections. It can be used in certain cases, but again, if resistance is present, it's not the preferred choice.

I: Rifampin. Another beta-lactam antibiotic, but it's less commonly used. It's used for infections like abscesses, but for general infection control, it's less preferred.

J: No intervention. Well, that's if there's no evidence of infection. But the patient is a 16-year-old, which is a high-risk age group for bacterial infections, especially if they were exposed.

So, considering the patient's history, the possible pathogen, her health status, and the fact that she's on an inhaled corticosteroid, the best course of action is to give the meningococcal vaccine. That would prevent severe bacterial infection. Also, since her physical exam shows no abnormalities, but she's on a sports team, which might be a source of exposure, the vaccine is the most appropriate to prevent the infection.

Wait, but sometimes the presence of a teammate can mean that the infection was transmitted, but in this case, the patient is the one concerned. If the patient is a 16-year-old, she's in a prime for getting sick, so getting a vaccine is crucial.

So the correct answer is C: Administer the meningococcal vaccine.
</think>

The patient is a 16-year-old girl with a history of exposure to a teammate with meningitis and shares a hotel room with a hospitalized girl. The patient is a high-risk individual given her age, and her physical exam shows no abnormalities. The patient is on inhaled albuterol and has mild symptoms, but her blood pressure is elevated at 107/58 mmHg, which is concerning but less likely to indicate a bacterial infection.

The possible pathogens could be either meningococcal or pneumococcal, but the patient's history does not specify resistance. The patient's shared room with a hospitalized girl could make her susceptible to exposure. The most appropriate intervention to prevent bacterial infection is administering the meningococcal vaccine, as it is the first line of defense for such infections. 

Other options, such as azithromycin or the pneumococcal vaccine, may not be appropriate due to the patient's high risk profile, elevated BP, and the lack of evidence of resistance. Ibuprofen, penicillin, and other antibiotics are not suitable in this context.

ANSWER: C