Answer the following multiple choice question, selecting from the answer A through to J. After thinking, reply directly with your answer. 

The last character of your response must be the letter you have chosen.

Question:

As of 1999 which state has the most Girl Scouts?

Options:

A: New York
B: Florida
C: Pennsylvania
D: North Carolina
E: Texas
F: Washington
G: California
H: Michigan
I: Ohio
J: Illinois

Answer:
    <think>
<think>
Okay, so I'm trying to figure out which state had the most Girl Scouts as of 1999. Let me think about how to approach this. I know that the number of Girl Scouts in a state can change over time, especially when new chapters or chapters are created. So, I need to find the data from 1999.

First, I should consider which states are known for having a large Girl Scout organization. I remember that Florida is a big state for Girl Scouts. I think they have a lot of chapters there, maybe around 100,000. But I'm not sure if that's the highest.

Let me go through the options one by one. 

Option B is Florida. I'm pretty sure Florida has a significant number of chapters. Maybe I've heard it has like 1,000 or more. 

Option A is New York. I'm not as certain, but I think New York has more chapters than Florida. Maybe around 800? That could be lower than Florida.

Option C is Pennsylvania. I'm not sure; I think it has a lot of chapters, but maybe not as many as Florida. Maybe around 500?

Option D is North Carolina. I've heard it's a big state, but I'm not certain about the number. Maybe around 700 chapters?

Option E is Texas. I think Texas is a large state, maybe around 1,200 chapters. That's higher than many others, but does it exceed Florida's number?

Option F is Washington. I'm not certain about Washington's chapter count. Maybe around 500? I think that's plausible.

Option G is California. I'm pretty sure California has a large number of chapters, maybe around 1,000. But I'm not sure if it's higher than Florida.

Option H is Michigan. I think Michigan has around 1,000 chapters as well, maybe similar to California.

Option I is Ohio. I'm not certain about Ohio's chapter count. Maybe around 800?

Option J is Illinois. I'm not sure, but I think it's around 800 chapters, maybe similar to Ohio.

So, to recap: Florida has about 1,000 chapters, Texas around 1,200, California around 1,000, Michigan and Ohio around 800 each. That makes me think Texas might have the highest number.

Wait, I should double-check my assumptions. I remember that Florida has more chapters than Texas, but I'm not entirely sure. Maybe I should think about the ranking. I think Florida is often considered one of the largest, but Texas is also a big state. Oh, I think Texas is actually the second largest, after Florida. So, Texas would have more than Florida.

Wait, no, I'm getting a bit confused. Let me think again. I think Texas has the second-highest number of chapters. So, the order might be Florida > Texas > California > Michigan, etc. So, in 1999, Texas would have more chapters than Florida.

Wait, but I'm not entirely certain. Another approach: I can think of other states. For example, North Carolina has 700 chapters, Florida has more than that, Texas might have around 1,200. So, yes, I think Texas would have the highest number.

So, looking at the options, the state with the most Girl Scouts as of 1999 is Texas (Option E).
</think>

As of 1999, the state with the most Girl Scouts was Texas.

Answer: E